We The North Niggah
Yo Ssamid I got you
Ehh it's Young Product
I'm more fed up than ever. Gotta get it how I give it
Never settled for lesser
I could criticize the system and never better my efforts
I could be a hypocrite and never split on my cheddar
But I’m cut from a different cloth suckas couldn’t get the sauce
Chickens only dipped in broth labels couldn’t pay me off
Oh you a real one, they say that you switched
Young product with the wave they just gauge what I fish
I throw some lines with a hook but I don’t bait them with sh$t
Lah ye hdina
I don’t want a wraith or a two seater
I don’t want a chain, backwood just to blow reefer
Mohiba
This ain’t a hobby I got heat with a team behind me like Pat Riley
All substance we know nothing just my cousins
We’ll press you to turn keys turkeys like bread stuffing
Me and Ssamid on the summit we hustlin
Coverboy told me never hit the block when it's jumpin
Two parties play the system while they betting our country
And these companies targeting the youth for some money
Either sink or prevail you couldn’t feel what I feel
One eye always open fhal Messih Dejjal
So don’t cross me don’t dap up and speak softly
Cost me more to f$ck with you get them off me
We’re not on regular time
This is a different vibe
Vibe Vibe
Suckas can’t look in our eyes we are on different vibes
You’re on a steady decline u can not match with our vibes
Vibe Vibe
This ain’t a thing to describe we just on different vibes
Vibe Vibe Vibe
Hyatna Film Action
More money. More B#$ch's. No Relaxing
Niggah S7ab naqes baqa fihom
Vibe
Baqi 7aaslin lah y3fihom
Kichofonaa All eyes on me
You can even try can't do it like me
Vibe Vibe
Mkemel b crati li baqili kankhamem f dunya li bkatli
Satem f 3doya kif ba 9ali yali 3yiti matjeri 7adek bwaqeli
7na qarebna lb3ide 7aqada baqi over
Nigga Hit em up. No money no lover
Ma3andi htachi Patron fhyati modir
Rapper dyal carton thalla qelba cover
Zero kibqa zero wakha tzidlo fasila
7alina L music wakha tzewqo lhasila
Qolna walo ra7a hit triqna baqa twila
Hadi lhaqiqa a jemy ma3andek kifach tkhwila
Filas.
Jaybinha dra3 machi acapella
Klab bdaw yneb7o mli chaafo lqafila
Hbetna qaalo beli m3ana ma3andhom mochkila
Hsabek ghadi tdih wakha tfekar tekhchila
Ey
Hada Rap! Machi Rai!
Yali bari m’en Rojola nood jma3 lwaqfa la fouille
Ghadi naqiw Rap weli 3kel yedi Pays
Li naqes tyab yebqa 7asal f saffaye
Mara tban qbi7 marra tban zwine
Hyatek naqsa hanane w Rap machi hnine
Ida jina fel 3ayb maghadi tqed 7ata f Twins
Khibra fel 7arb machi lyoum dazo snine niggah
We’re not on regular times
This is a different vibe
Vibe Vibe
Suckas can’t look in our eyes we are on different vibes
You’re on a steady decline u can not match with our vibes
Vibe Vibe
This ain’t a thing to describe we just on different vibes
Vibe Vibe Vibe
Hyatna Film Action
More money. More B#$h's. No Relaxing
Niggah S7ab naqes baqa fihom
Vibe
Baqi 7aaslin lah y3fihom
Kichofonaa All eyes on me
You can even try can't do it like me
Vibe Vibe Vibe